---
layout: post
title: Utopia
modified:
categories: Utopia
description: Ideen für eine bessere Zukunft
tags: [Utopia, beta, de, Zukunft, Kommunikation]
image:
  feature:
  credit:
  creditlink:
comments:
share:
date: 2019-07-12T17:00:17+00:00
---
# Abstrakt

Utopie ist eine absolute Idealvorstellung der Zukunft, die per Definition nicht erreichbar ist. Unter Utopia verstehe ich nicht direkt meine persönliche Utopie der Zukunft. Utopia ist vielmehr mein versuch Ziele und Vorgehensweisen zu konstruieren, die zu einer besseren, gerechteren Zukunft führen.

# Freewritten Thoughts

> ///Futurism: Optimistic, funny, interesting.
There is not enough media talking "futuristic". That includes education, News and entertainment. We focus way too much in the now. And not even the "real" now. See the differences between news coverage of deathcauses and actual numbers of deathcauses. Terrorism and Murder is way overrepresented. Fear or ignorance (through blunt,  nonsense oversaturation) are an easy way to control the masses. Especially the fear of the "other". Im doing it aswell right now. There is no point in talking about a "them". There is only "us" and at this moment a rich oligarchy like ruling class. Of course this is on a sprectrum of privilege. Especially minorities suffer most under the current "system".
I dont give up hope in democracy though. Democracy is a representation of its people. At the moment is mirrors the people that are taking part in political life: Politians, Lobbyist, Enraged People, Activist. Most People, however, dont give a fuck anymore. A significant portion of the youth however, would probably like to participate, but has been ignored since forever, thus losing interest. I.e. Punks.
We need to change discourse to the future. What do we want from the future? Once we define goals, we can plan on how to get there (see @aoc, GreenNewDeal)


# Ziele

Ich denke  - und ich glaube das habe ich von @AOC´s Green New Deal - dass es wichtig ist [Ziele](/Metamodern/2019-07-12-ziele.md) zu definieren. Auch wenn dies [kein allein Heilmittel](MetaModern/2019-07-12-ziele.md) ist.

Deshalb liste ich hier einfach mal meine/erstrebenswerte Ziele (Beta):

+ Nachhaltiger Erhalt der Erde
+ Neue Arbeit: Neues Verhältnis von Mensch und Arbeit
+ Menschenrechte für alle
+ Frieden

# General thoughts

Further thoughts I had earlier but cant be bothered right now to structure further or translate:

+ Government of the People: Make politics for the people, not for the elite. The fight is up-down, not us vs. them (credit @aoc)
  - Active People: We need normal people to run for office. For that to work we need to office to pay a living wage, even on local level. I dont know any "normal" people, that engage in a party - that might be my social bubble aswell.
  - Get the money out: Big Money has way too much influence on politians and policy. Banks, Think Tanks and Lobbies write laws. That has to change. Laws need to be based on science. Test them before implementation. Careful for Whiteness in science.
+ Climate Change, Automation and Digitalisation are non-negotiable.
  - Climate Change: Science has defined minimal goals that we have to archive, no matter the cost. Its still cheaper than not attaining those goals. We can argue about how much further we wanna take it.
+ Automation: This will restructure the entire population.
+ Industrial Revolution 2.0. We need to get ahead of this. I dont want to live like Marx. We can try to implement the solutions to Automation before we need a bloody revolution or WWIII. I dont really think mankind survives WWIII. Well probably need some sort of general income. This gives us the chance to get to some kind of Star Trek Utopia - or a dystopian class system that is waay worse (God-King-Oligarchs, Rich-Non-Working class (probably white males), all the rest?) than the worst signs of LateStageCapitalism. I dont really know how we create value, once we can automate most stuff that we need. I guess some smarter people than I are already thinking about this. Mostly I cant get my head around Inflation when talking about general income.

  - My fear: The "rest" is waay too many people than the new system needs. Not supports, but needs. What stops the god-kings to leave them to starve or even just kill them. They become "a national/global security risk". We need to design  a system of social-democracy that regulates enough to not let anybody establish those classes. Maybe Marx was right afterall? But instead of everybody being a worker, everybody becomes whatever he/she wants? If we dont need to work anymore, what do we do with our time? Is there gonna be a "luxury" system, we you can still work for extras? I have no clue at this point.

+ Digitalisation: We need to think about communication. We are not only in the IndustrialRevolution 2.0. We are also in the process of reconfiguring human interaction for the first time since Bookpress, Newspapers, Telephone, TV. The first spread of mass media was very effectively abused by facism for propaganda. I think privacy and open source is still the answer. We still need to be able to trust information, despide deep fakes, fake news etc. How? I dont know. However, giving state and thus non-state actors  the keys to our private ideas and lifes is not the answer. (Also, Nr.1 Priority for States should be IT-Security, not "Cyber-Attack" Operations.) I guess education, a flagging system, some sort of @linuzifer Troll Defense Mechanisms could work. Right now, fake news works so well, because so many internet-illiterate people, mostly old, just got on the "internet" via facebook and whatsapp. We need to teach this stuff in schools.

Over time I can grab expand or at least restructure those thoughts onto seperate pages.

# Ähnliche Tags:

{% include related-posts.html %}
